Validate Length of List Description (#2)
paultyng/terraform-provider-twitter: docs/resources/list.md

### Optional

> - **description** (String, Optional) The description to give the list. A list's description must be less than 24 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description** (String, Optional) The description to give the list. A list's description can be at most 100 characters.
```
